#A. Powered Addition
You have an array a of length n. For every positive integer x you are going to perform the following operation during the x-th second:<br>
Select some distinct indices i1,i2,…,ik which are between 1 and n inclusive, and add 2x−1 to each corresponding position of a. Formally, aij:=aij+2x−1 for j=1,2,…,k. Note that you are allowed to not select any indices at all.<br>
You have to make a nondecreasing as fast as possible. Find the smallest number T such that you can make the array nondecreasing after at most T seconds.<br>
Array a is nondecreasing if and only if a1≤a2≤…≤an.<br>
You have to answer t independent test cases.<br>
Input<br>
The first line contains a single integer t (1≤t≤104) — the number of test cases.<br>
The first line of each test case contains single integer n (1≤n≤105) — the length of array a. It is guaranteed that the sum of values of n over all test cases in the input does not exceed 105.<br>
The second line of each test case contains n integers a1,a2,…,an (−109≤ai≤109).<br>
Output<br>
For each test case, print the minimum number of seconds in which you can make a nondecreasing.<br>
Example<br>
input<br>
```
3
4
1 7 6 5
5
1 2 3 4 5
2
0 -4
```
output<br>
```
2
0
3
```
Note<br>
In the first test case, if you select indices 3,4 at the 1-st second and 4 at the 2-nd second, then a will become [1,7,7,8]. There are some other possible ways to make a nondecreasing in 2 seconds, but you can't do it faster.<br>
In the second test case, a is already nondecreasing, so answer is 0.<br>
In the third test case, if you do nothing at first 2 seconds and select index 2 at the 3-rd second, a will become [0,0].<br>

```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
const int maxn=1e5+5;
typedef long long ll;
ll a[maxn];
int main()
{
    int t;
    scanf("%lld",&t);
    while (t--){
        int mx,n,temp;
        mx = -1;
        cin >> n;
        for(int i = 0; i < n; i++){
            scanf("%lld",&a[i]);
            if(i == 0) temp = a[0];
            if(temp < a[i]) temp = a[i];
            if(temp - a[i] > mx) mx = temp - a[i];
        }
        //printf("mx = %d\n",mx);
        if(mx == 0 || mx == -1){
            printf("0\n");
            continue;
        }
        mx++;
        ll ans = 0, now = 1;
        while(now < mx){
            now *= 2;
            ans++;
        }
        printf("%lld\n",ans);
    }
}

```

