https://codeforces.com/contest/1370/problem/E
# E. Binary Subsequence Rotation<br>
Naman has two binary strings s and t of length n (a binary string is a string which only consists of the characters "0" and "1"). He wants to convert s into t using the following operation as few times as possible.<br>
In one operation, he can choose any subsequence of s and rotate it clockwise once.<br>
For example, if s=1110100, he can choose a subsequence corresponding to indices (1-based) {2,6,7} and rotate them clockwise. The resulting string would then be s=1010110.<br>
A string a is said to be a subsequence of string b if a can be obtained from b by deleting some characters without changing the ordering of the remaining characters.<br>
To perform a clockwise rotation on a sequence c of size k is to perform an operation which sets c1:=ck,c2:=c1,c3:=c2,…,ck:=ck−1 simultaneously.<br>
Determine the minimum number of operations Naman has to perform to convert s into t or say that it is impossible.<br>
Input<br>
The first line contains a single integer n (1≤n≤106) — the length of the strings.<br>
The second line contains the binary string s of length n.<br>
The third line contains the binary string t of length n.<br>
Output<br>
If it is impossible to convert s to t after any number of operations, print −1.<br>
Otherwise, print the minimum number of operations required.<br>
Examples<br>
input<br>
```
6
010000
000001
```
output<br>
```
1
```
input<br>
```
10
1111100000
0000011111
```
output<br>
```
5
```
input<br>
```
8
10101010
01010101
```
output<br>
```
1
```
input<br>
```
10
1111100000
1111100001
```
output<br>
```
-1
```
Note<br>
In the first test, Naman can choose the subsequence corresponding to indices {2,6} and rotate it once to convert s into t.<br>
In the second test, he can rotate the subsequence corresponding to all indices 5 times. It can be proved, that it is the minimum required number of operations.<br>
In the last test, it is impossible to convert s into t.<br>


```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
const int maxn= 100005;
typedef long long ll;
int main()
{
    ios_base::sync_with_stdio(false);
    cin.tie(NULL);
    long n, counter = 0,mx = 0,mn = 0, balance = 0;
    cin >> n;
    string s, t;
    cin >> s >> t;
    for(long i = 0; i < n; i++)
    {
        if(t[i] != s[i])
        {
            balance += s[i] - t[i];
            mx = max(mx, balance);
            mn = min(mn, balance);
        }
    }
    if(balance != 0)
    {
        cout << -1 << endl;
    }
    else
    {
        cout << mx - mn << endl;
    }
    return 0;
}

```
