https://codeforces.ml/contest/1353/problem/D

D. Constructing the Array
time limit per test1 second
memory limit per test256 megabytes
inputstandard input
outputstandard output
You are given an array a of length n consisting of zeros. You perform n actions with this array: during the i-th action, the following sequence of operations appears:

Choose the maximum by length subarray (continuous subsegment) consisting only of zeros, among all such segments choose the leftmost one;
Let this segment be [l;r]. If r−l+1 is odd (not divisible by 2) then assign (set) a[l+r2]:=i (where i is the number of the current action), otherwise (if r−l+1 is even) assign (set) a[l+r−12]:=i.
Consider the array a of length 5 (initially a=[0,0,0,0,0]). Then it changes as follows:

Firstly, we choose the segment [1;5] and assign a[3]:=1, so a becomes [0,0,1,0,0];
then we choose the segment [1;2] and assign a[1]:=2, so a becomes [2,0,1,0,0];
then we choose the segment [4;5] and assign a[4]:=3, so a becomes [2,0,1,3,0];
then we choose the segment [2;2] and assign a[2]:=4, so a becomes [2,4,1,3,0];
and at last we choose the segment [5;5] and assign a[5]:=5, so a becomes [2,4,1,3,5].
Your task is to find the array a of length n after performing all n actions. Note that the answer exists and unique.

You have to answer t independent test cases.

Input
The first line of the input contains one integer t (1≤t≤104) — the number of test cases. Then t test cases follow.

The only line of the test case contains one integer n (1≤n≤2⋅105) — the length of a.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2⋅105 (∑n≤2⋅105).

Output
For each test case, print the answer — the array a of length n after performing n actions described in the problem statement. Note that the answer exists and unique.

Example
inputCopy
6
1
2
3
4
5
6
outputCopy
1 
1 2 
2 1 3 
3 1 2 4 
2 4 1 3 5 
3 4 1 5 2 6 



```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
typedef long long ll;
const int maxn = 505;
pair<int,int>a[300000];
void sort_index(int l,int r)
{
    if(l > r) return;
    int mid = (l + r) / 2;
    a[mid].first = l - r;
    a[mid].second = mid;
    sort_index(l, mid - 1);
    sort_index(mid + 1, r);
}

int main()
{
    ll T = 1;
    cin >> T;
    while (T--)
    {
        int n;
        cin>>n;
        int b[n+1];
        sort_index(1,n);
        sort(a+1,a+n+1);
        for(ll i = 1; i <= n; i++) b[a[i].second] = i;
        for(ll i = 1; i <= n; i++) cout << b[i] << " ";
        cout<<endl;
    }
    return 0;
}
```
https://codeforces.ml/contest/1353/problem/E
E. K-periodic Garland
time limit per test1 second
memory limit per test256 megabytes
inputstandard input
outputstandard output
You are given a garland consisting of n lamps. States of the lamps are represented by the string s of length n. The i-th character of the string si equals '0' if the i-th lamp is turned off or '1' if the i-th lamp is turned on. You are also given a positive integer k.

In one move, you can choose one lamp and change its state (i.e. turn it on if it is turned off and vice versa).

The garland is called k-periodic if the distance between each pair of adjacent turned on lamps is exactly k. Consider the case k=3. Then garlands "00010010", "1001001", "00010" and "0" are good but garlands "00101001", "1000001" and "01001100" are not. Note that the garland is not cyclic, i.e. the first turned on lamp is not going after the last turned on lamp and vice versa.

Your task is to find the minimum number of moves you need to make to obtain k-periodic garland from the given one.

You have to answer t independent test cases.

Input
The first line of the input contains one integer t (1≤t≤25 000) — the number of test cases. Then t test cases follow.

The first line of the test case contains two integers n and k (1≤n≤106;1≤k≤n) — the length of s and the required period. The second line of the test case contains the string s consisting of n characters '0' and '1'.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 106 (∑n≤106).

Output
For each test case, print the answer — the minimum number of moves you need to make to obtain k-periodic garland from the given one.

Example
inputCopy
6
9 2
010001010
9 3
111100000
7 4
1111111
10 3
1001110101
1 1
1
1 1
0
outputCopy
1
2
5
4
0
0
```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
typedef long long ll;
const int maxn = 505;
int main() {
	int t;
	cin >> t;
	while (t--) {
		int n, k;
		cin >> n >> k;
		string s;
		cin >> s;
		int r = 0;
		for (int j = 0; j < k; ++j) {
			int minx = 0, cur = 0;
			for (int i = j; i < n; i += k) {
				cur += s[i] == '0' ? -1 : +1;
				minx = min(minx, cur);
				r = max(r, cur - minx);
			}
		}
		cout << count(s.begin(), s.end(), '1') - r << '\n';
	}
}

```
