https://codeforces.com/contest/1394/problem/C
# C. Boboniu and String
Boboniu defines BN-string as a string s of characters 'B' and 'N'.<br>
You can perform the following operations on the BN-string s:<br>
Remove a character of s.<br>
Remove a substring "BN" or "NB" of s.<br>
Add a character 'B' or 'N' to the end of s.<br>
Add a string "BN" or "NB" to the end of s.<br>
Note that a string a is a substring of a string b if a can be obtained from b by deletion of several (possibly, zero or all) characters from the beginning and several (possibly, zero or all) characters from the end.<br>
Boboniu thinks that BN-strings s and t are similar if and only if:<br>
|s|=|t|.<br>
There exists a permutation p1,p2,…,p|s| such that for all i (1≤i≤|s|), spi=ti.<br>
Boboniu also defines dist(s,t), the distance between s and t, as the minimum number of operations that makes s similar to t.<br>
Now Boboniu gives you n non-empty BN-strings s1,s2,…,sn and asks you to find a non-empty BN-string t such that the maximum distance to string s is minimized, i.e. you need to minimize maxni=1dist(si,t).<br>
### Input<br>
The first line contains a single integer n (1≤n≤3⋅105).<br>
Each of the next n lines contains a string si (1≤|si|≤5⋅105). It is guaranteed that si only contains 'B' and 'N'. The sum of |si| does not exceed 5⋅105.<br>
### Output<br>
In the first line, print the minimum maxni=1dist(si,t).<br>
In the second line, print the suitable t.<br>
If there are several possible t's, you can print any.<br>
Examples<br>
input<br>
```
3
B
N
BN
```
output<br>
```
1
BN
```
input<br>
```
10
N
BBBBBB
BNNNBBNBB
NNNNBNBNNBNNNBBN
NBNBN
NNNNNN
BNBNBNBBBBNNNNBBBBNNBBNBNBBNBBBBBBBB
NNNNBN
NBBBBBBBB
NNNNNN
```
output<br>
```
12
BBBBBBBBBBBBNNNNNNNNNNNN
```
input<br>
```
8
NNN
NNN
BBNNBBBN
NNNBNN
B
NNN
NNNNBNN
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNBNNNNNNNBNB
```
output<br>
```
12
BBBBNNNNNNNNNNNN
```
input<br>
```
3
BNNNBNNNNBNBBNNNBBNNNNBBBBNNBBBBBBNBBBBBNBBBNNBBBNBNBBBN
BBBNBBBBNNNNNBBNBBBNNNBB
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBNBBBBBNBBBBBNBBBBNB
```
output<br>
```
12
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBNNNNNNNNNNNN
```
Note<br>
In the first example dist(B,BN)=dist(N,BN)=1, dist(BN,BN)=0. So the maximum distance is 1.<br>

