https://codeforces.com/contest/1143/problem/E
# E. Lynyrd Skynyrd<br>
Recently Lynyrd and Skynyrd went to a shop where Lynyrd bought a permutation p of length n, and Skynyrd bought an array a of length m, consisting of integers from 1 to n.<br>

Lynyrd and Skynyrd became bored, so they asked you q queries, each of which has the following form: "does the subsegment of a from the l-th to the r-th positions, inclusive, have a subsequence that is a cyclic shift of p?" Please answer the queries.<br>

A permutation of length n is a sequence of n integers such that each integer from 1 to n appears exactly once in it.<br>

A cyclic shift of a permutation (p1,p2,…,pn) is a permutation (pi,pi+1,…,pn,p1,p2,…,pi−1) for some i from 1 to n. For example, a permutation (2,1,3) has three distinct cyclic shifts: (2,1,3), (1,3,2), (3,2,1).<br>

A subsequence of a subsegment of array a from the l-th to the r-th positions, inclusive, is a sequence ai1,ai2,…,aik for some i1,i2,…,ik such that l≤i1<i2<…<ik≤r.<br>

Input<br>
The first line contains three integers n, m, q (1≤n,m,q≤2⋅105) — the length of the permutation p, the length of the array a and the number of queries.<br>

The next line contains n integers from 1 to n, where the i-th of them is the i-th element of the permutation. Each integer from 1 to n appears exactly once.<br>

The next line contains m integers from 1 to n, the i-th of them is the i-th element of the array a.<br>

The next q lines describe queries. The i-th of these lines contains two integers li and ri (1≤li≤ri≤m), meaning that the i-th query is about the subsegment of the array from the li-th to the ri-th positions, inclusive.<br>

Output<br>
Print a single string of length q, consisting of 0 and 1, the digit on the i-th positions should be 1, if the subsegment of array a from the li-th to the ri-th positions, inclusive, contains a subsequence that is a cyclic shift of p, and 0 otherwise.<br>

Examples<br>
input<br>
```
3 6 3
2 1 3
1 2 3 1 2 3
1 5
2 6
3 5
```
output<br>
```
110
```
input<br>
```
2 4 3
2 1
1 1 2 2
1 2
2 3
3 4
```
output<br>
```
010
```
Note<br>
In the first example the segment from the 1-st to the 5-th positions is 1,2,3,1,2. There is a subsequence 1,3,2 that is a cyclic shift of the permutation. The subsegment from the 2-nd to the 6-th positions also contains a subsequence 2,1,3 that is equal to the permutation. The subsegment from the 3-rd to the 5-th positions is 3,1,2, there is only one subsequence of length 3 (3,1,2), but it is not a cyclic shift of the permutation.<br>

In the second example the possible cyclic shifts are 1,2 and 2,1. The subsegment from the 1-st to the 2-nd positions is 1,1, its subsequences are not cyclic shifts of the permutation. The subsegment from the 2-nd to the 3-rd positions is 1,2, it coincides with the permutation. The subsegment from the 3 to the 4 positions is 2,2, its subsequences are not cyclic shifts of the permutation.<br>

```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
int a[200010], p[200010], st1[200010][20], b[200010], pos[200010], pre[200010], st2[200010][20];
int main(){
	int n, m, q, i, j, k;
	scanf("%d%d%d",&n, &m, &q);
	for(i = 1; i <= n; i++){
		scanf("%d",p+i);
		pre[p[i]] = p[i-1];
	}
	pre[p[1]] = p[n];
	for(i = 1; i <= m; i++){
		scanf("%d",a + i);
		st1[i][0] = pos[pre[a[i]]];
		pos[a[i]] = i;
		for(j = 1; j < 20; j++)
			st1[i][j] = st1[st1[i][j-1]][j-1];
	}
	for(i = 1; i <= m; i++){
		k = i;
		for(j = 0; j < 20; j++)
			if(((n - 1)>>j)&1)
				k = st1[k][j];
		st2[i][0] = k;
	}
	for(j = 1;(1<<j) <= m; j++)
		for(i = 1; i + (1<<j) - 1 <= m; i++)
			st2[i][j] = max(st2[i][j-1], st2[i+(1<<j-1)][j-1]);
	int l, r;
	while(q--){
		scanf("%d%d",&l, &r);
		k = 0;
		while((1<<(k+1)) <= r-l + 1) k++;
		if(max(st2[l][k], st2[r-(1<<k)+1][k]) >= l)
			putchar('1');
		else
			putchar('0');
	}
	printf("\n");
	return 0;
}

```