https://codeforces.com/contest/1371/problem/E2
# E2. Asterism (Hard Version)<br>
This is the hard version of the problem. The difference between versions is the constraints on n and ai. You can make hacks only if all versions of the problem are solved.<br>
First, Aoi came up with the following idea for the competitive programming problem:<br>
Yuzu is a girl who collecting candies. Originally, she has x candies. There are also n enemies numbered with integers from 1 to n. Enemy i has ai candies.<br>
Yuzu is going to determine a permutation P. A permutation is an array consisting of n distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order. For example, {2,3,1,5,4} is a permutation, but {1,2,2} is not a permutation (2 appears twice in the array) and {1,3,4} is also not a permutation (because n=3 but there is the number 4 in the array).<br>
After that, she will do n duels with the enemies with the following rules:<br>
If Yuzu has equal or more number of candies than enemy Pi, she wins the duel and gets 1 candy. Otherwise, she loses the duel and gets nothing.<br>
The candy which Yuzu gets will be used in the next duels.<br>
Yuzu wants to win all duels. How many valid permutations P exist?<br>
This problem was easy and wasn't interesting for Akari, who is a friend of Aoi. And Akari made the following problem from the above idea:<br>
Let's define f(x) as the number of valid permutations for the integer x.<br>
You are given n, a and a prime number p¡Ün. Let's call a positive integer x good, if the value f(x) is not divisible by p. Find all good integers x.<br>
Your task is to solve this problem made by Akari.<br>
Input<br>
The first line contains two integers n, p (2¡Üp¡Ün¡Ü105). It is guaranteed, that the number p is prime (it has exactly two divisors 1 and p).<br>
The second line contains n integers a1,a2,¡­,an (1¡Üai¡Ü109).<br>
Output<br>
In the first line, print the number of good integers x.<br>
In the second line, output all good integers x in the ascending order.<br>
It is guaranteed that the number of good integers x does not exceed 105.<br>
Examples<br>
input<br>
```
3 2
3 4 5
```
output<br>
```
1
3
```
input<br>
```
4 3
2 3 5 6
```
output<br>
```
2
3 4
```
input<br>
```
4 3
9 1 1 1
```
output<br>
```
0
```
input<br>
```
3 2
1000000000 1 999999999
```
output
```
1
999999998
```
Note<br>
In the first test, p=2.<br>
If x¡Ü2, there are no valid permutations for Yuzu. So f(x)=0 for all x¡Ü2. The number 0 is divisible by 2, so all integers x¡Ü2 are not good.<br>
If x=3, {1,2,3} is the only valid permutation for Yuzu. So f(3)=1, so the number 3 is good.<br>
If x=4, {1,2,3},{1,3,2},{2,1,3},{2,3,1} are all valid permutations for Yuzu. So f(4)=4, so the number 4 is not good.<br>
If x¡Ý5, all 6 permutations are valid for Yuzu. So f(x)=6 for all x¡Ý5, so all integers x¡Ý5 are not good.<br>
So, the only good number is 3.<br>

In the third test, for all positive integers x the value f(x) is divisible by p=3.<br>

```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
const int maxn= 2e5+5;
typedef long long ll;
int modp(int x,int p){
  if(x>=0){
    return x%p;
  }
  x *= -1;
  x %= p;
  return (p - x) % p;
}
 
int main(){
    int n, p;
    int st, fi;
    int a[131072], bk[262144]={0}, bas=0, i;
    int fl[131072]={0};
    int res[131072], rc=0;
    scanf("%d %d",&n, &p);
    for(i = 0;i < n; i++){
        scanf("%d",&a[i]);
        bas = max(a[i], bas);
    }
    for(i = 0; i < n; i++){
        bk[max(0, a[i]-bas+n)]++;
    }
    for(i = 1;i < 262144; i++){
        bk[i] += bk[i-1];
    }
    for(i = 1; i <= n; i++){
        fl[modp((i + (bas - n)) - bk[i], p)]++;
    }
 
    for(i = 1; i <= n; i++){
        if(fl[modp(i +(bas-n), p)]==0){
            res[rc]= i + (bas-n);
            rc++;
        }
        fl[modp((i+(bas-n))-bk[i], p)]--;
        fl[modp(((n + i) + (bas - n)) - bk[(n + i)], p)]++;
    }
    printf("%d\n",rc);
    for(i = 0; i < rc; i++){
        if(i){
            printf(" ");
        }
        printf("%d",res[i]);
    }
    printf("\n");
    return 0;
}
```
