#A. Vova and Train<br>
time limit per test1 second<br>
memory limit per test256 megabytes<br>
inputstandard input<br>
outputstandard output<br>
Vova plans to go to the conference by train. Initially, the train is at the point 1 and the destination point of the path is the point L. The speed of the train is 1 length unit per minute (i.e. at the first minute the train is at the point 1, at the second minute — at the point 2 and so on).<br>
There are lanterns on the path. They are placed at the points with coordinates divisible by v (i.e. the first lantern is at the point v, the second is at the point 2v and so on).<br>
There is also exactly one standing train which occupies all the points from l to r inclusive.<br>
Vova can see the lantern at the point p if p is divisible by v and there is no standing train at this position (p∉[l;r]). Thus, if the point with the lantern is one of the points covered by the standing train, Vova can't see this lantern.<br>
Your problem is to say the number of lanterns Vova will see during the path. Vova plans to go to t different conferences, so you should answer t independent queries.<br>
Input<br>
The first line of the input contains one integer t (1≤t≤104) — the number of queries.<br>
Then t lines follow. The i-th line contains four integers Li,vi,li,ri (1≤L,v≤109, 1≤l≤r≤L) — destination point of the i-th path, the period of the lantern appearance and the segment occupied by the standing train.<br>
Output<br>
Print t lines. The i-th line should contain one integer — the answer for the i-th query.<br>

Example
input
```
4
10 2 3 7
100 51 51 51
1234 1 100 199
1000000000 1 1 1000000000
```
output
```
3
0
1134
0
```
Note<br>
For the first example query, the answer is 3. There are lanterns at positions 2, 4, 6, 8 and 10, but Vova didn't see the lanterns at positions 4 and 6 because of the standing train.<br>

For the second example query, the answer is 0 because the only lantern is at the point 51 and there is also a standing train at this point.<br>

For the third example query, the answer is 1134 because there are 1234 lanterns, but Vova didn't see the lanterns from the position 100 to the position 199 inclusive.<br>

For the fourth example query, the answer is 0 because the standing train covers the whole path.<br>

```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
const int maxn=1e6+10;
int main()
{
    int t, over, L, R, V, ans;
    scanf("%d",&t);
    while(t--)
    {
        scanf("%d %d %d %d",&over, &V, &L, &R);
        ans = over / V;
        ans -= R / V - L / V;
        if(L%V==0) ans--;
        printf("%d\n",ans);
    }
    return 0;
}
```
#B. Heaters<br>
time limit per test1 second<br>
memory limit per test256 megabytes<br>
inputstandard input<br>
outputstandard output<br>
Vova's house is an array consisting of n elements (yeah, this is the first problem, I think, where someone lives in the array). There are heaters in some positions of the array. The i-th element of the array is 1 if there is a heater in the position i, otherwise the i-th element of the array is 0.<br>
Each heater has a value r (r is the same for all heaters). This value means that the heater at the position pos can warm up all the elements in range [pos−r+1;pos+r−1].<br>
Vova likes to walk through his house while he thinks, and he hates cold positions of his house. Vova wants to switch some of his heaters on in such a way that each element of his house will be warmed up by at least one heater.<br>
Vova's target is to warm up the whole house (all the elements of the array), i.e. if n=6, r=2 and heaters are at positions 2 and 5, then Vova can warm up the whole house if he switches all the heaters in the house on (then the first 3 elements will be warmed up by the first heater and the last 3 elements will be warmed up by the second heater).<br>
Initially, all the heaters are off.<br>
But from the other hand, Vova didn't like to pay much for the electricity. So he wants to switch the minimum number of heaters on in such a way that each element of his house is warmed up by at least one heater.<br>
Your task is to find this number of heaters or say that it is impossible to warm up the whole house.<br>
Input<br>
The first line of the input contains two integers n and r (1≤n,r≤1000) — the number of elements in the array and the value of heaters.
The second line contains n integers a1,a2,…,an (0≤ai≤1) — the Vova's house description.
Output<br>
Print one integer — the minimum number of heaters needed to warm up the whole house or -1 if it is impossible to do it.<br>
Examples<br>
inputCopy<br>
```
6 2
0 1 1 0 0 1
```
outputCopy<br>
```
3
```
inputCopy<br>
```
5 3
1 0 0 0 1
```
outputCopy<br>
```
2
```
inputCopy<br>
```
5 10
0 0 0 0 0
```
outputCopy<br>
```
-1
```
inputCopy<br>
```
10 3
0 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 1
```
outputCopy<br>
```
3
```
Note<br>
In the first example the heater at the position 2 warms up elements [1;3], the heater at the position 3 warms up elements [2,4] and the heater at the position 6 warms up elements [5;6] so the answer is 3.<br>
In the second example the heater at the position 1 warms up elements [1;3] and the heater at the position 5 warms up elements [3;5] so the answer is 2.<br>
In the third example there are no heaters so the answer is -1.<br>
In the fourth example the heater at the position 3 warms up elements [1;5], the heater at the position 6 warms up elements [4;8] and the heater at the position 10 warms up elements [8;10] so the answer is 3.<br>
```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
const int maxn=1e6+10;
int a[1010];
int main()
{
    int n, r, ans = 0,t = 0;
    scanf("%d %d",&n,&r);
    for (int i = 0;i < n;i ++) scanf("%d",&a[i]);
    while (t < n)
    {
        int idx = -1;
        for (int i = 0;i < n;i ++)
            if (a[i])
                if (i - r + 1 <= t && i + r - 1 >= t)
                    idx = i;//能覆盖上一次覆盖位置的最远的热水器的位置
        if (idx == -1)
        {
            puts("-1\n");
            return 0;
        }
        ans ++;
        t = idx + r;//当前的最远覆盖位置
    }
    printf("%d\n",ans);
    return 0;
}
```

