https://codeforces.com/contest/1385/problem/D
#D. a-Good String<br>
You are given a string s[1…n] consisting of lowercase Latin letters. It is guaranteed that n=2k for some integer k≥0.<br>
The string s[1…n] is called c-good if at least one of the following three conditions is satisfied:<br>
The length of s is 1, and it consists of the character c (i.e. s1=c);<br>
The length of s is greater than 1, the first half of the string consists of only the character c (i.e. s1=s2=⋯=sn2=c) and the second half of the string (i.e. the string sn2+1sn2+2…sn) is a (c+1)-good string;<br>
The length of s is greater than 1, the second half of the string consists of only the character c (i.e. sn2+1=sn2+2=⋯=sn=c) and the first half of the string (i.e. the string s1s2…sn2) is a (c+1)-good string.<br>
For example: "aabc" is 'a'-good, "ffgheeee" is 'e'-good.<br>
In one move, you can choose one index i from 1 to n and replace si with any lowercase Latin letter (any character from 'a' to 'z').<br>
Your task is to find the minimum number of moves required to obtain an 'a'-good string from s (i.e. c-good string for c= 'a'). It is guaranteed that the answer always exists.<br>
You have to answer t independent test cases.<br>
Another example of an 'a'-good string is as follows. Consider the string s="cdbbaaaa". It is an 'a'-good string, because:<br>
the second half of the string ("aaaa") consists of only the character 'a';<br>
the first half of the string ("cdbb") is 'b'-good string, because:<br>
the second half of the string ("bb") consists of only the character 'b';<br>
the first half of the string ("cd") is 'c'-good string, because:<br>
the first half of the string ("c") consists of only the character 'c';<br>
the second half of the string ("d") is 'd'-good string.<br>
Input<br>
The first line of the input contains one integer t (1≤t≤2⋅104) — the number of test cases. Then t test cases follow.<br>

The first line of the test case contains one integer n (1≤n≤131 072) — the length of s. It is guaranteed that n=2k for some integer k≥0. The second line of the test case contains the string s consisting of n lowercase Latin letters.<br>

It is guaranteed that the sum of n does not exceed 2⋅105 (∑n≤2⋅105).<br>

Output<br>
For each test case, print the answer — the minimum number of moves required to obtain an 'a'-good string from s (i.e. c-good string with c= 'a'). It is guaranteed that the answer exists.<br>

Example<br>
input<br>
```
6
8
bbdcaaaa
8
asdfghjk
8
ceaaaabb
8
bbaaddcc
1
z
2
ac
```
output<br>
```
0
7
4
5
1
1
```
```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
int solve(string& s, int l, int r, char c) {
  if (r - l == 1) {
    return (s[l] == c) ? 0 : 1;
  }
  int mid = (r + l) / 2;
  int ans1 = solve(s, l, mid, c + 1);
  int ans2 = solve(s, mid, r, c + 1);
  for (int i = l; i < mid; ++i) {
    if (s[i] != c) ans2++;
  }
  for (int i = mid; i < r; ++i) {
    if (s[i] != c) ans1++;
  }
  return min(ans1, ans2);
}
int main() {
  int t;
  cin >> t;
  while (t--) {
    int n;
    cin >> n;
    string s;
    cin >> s;
    cout << solve(s, 0, n, 'a') << "\n";
  }
  return 0;
}
```