https://codeforces.com/contest/1384/problem/D

#D. GameGame<br>
Koa the Koala and her best friend want to play a game.<br>
The game starts with an array a of length n consisting of non-negative integers. Koa and her best friend move in turns and each have initially a score equal to 0. Koa starts.<br>
Let's describe a move in the game:<br>
During his move, a player chooses any element of the array and removes it from this array, xor-ing it with the current score of the player.<br>
More formally: if the current score of the player is x and the chosen element is y, his new score will be x⊕y. Here ⊕ denotes bitwise XOR operation.<br>
Note that after a move element y is removed from a.<br>
The game ends when the array is empty.<br>
At the end of the game the winner is the player with the maximum score. If both players have the same score then it's a draw.<br>
If both players play optimally find out whether Koa will win, lose or draw the game.<br>
Input<br>
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains t (1≤t≤104) — the number of test cases. Description of the test cases follows.<br>
The first line of each test case contains the integer n (1≤n≤105) — the length of a.<br>
The second line of each test case contains n integers a1,a2,…,an (0≤ai≤109) — elements of a.<br>
It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 105.<br>
Output<br>
For each test case print:<br>
WIN if Koa will win the game.<br>
LOSE if Koa will lose the game.<br>
DRAW if the game ends in a draw.<br>
Examples<br>
input<br>
```
3
3
1 2 2
3
2 2 3
5
0 0 0 2 2
```
output<br>
```
WIN
LOSE
DRAW
```
input<br>
```
4
5
4 1 5 1 3
4
1 0 1 6
1
0
2
5 4
```
output<br>
```
WIN
WIN
DRAW
WIN
```
Note<br>
In testcase 1 of the first sample we have:<br>
a=[1,2,2]. Here Koa chooses 1, other player has to choose 2, Koa chooses another 2. Score for Koa is 1⊕2=3 and score for other player is 2 so Koa wins.<br>

